Open Operations, then Appointments.
p02
This is the booking board customers land on, not the staff roster.
p03
Shifts live somewhere else.
p04
Here you are looking at the jobs people reserved: details, oil changes, inspections,
p05
each pinned to a day and a time.
p06
Start with the four numbers up top.
p07
Eighteen today, eighty-four this week.
p08
Utilization at seventy-eight percent tells you how full your capacity is running,
p09
and the three percent no-show rate is the slice that never showed.
p10
Read these first and you know how the week is going before opening a single row.
p11
Next, the three panels. First one, Booking Trend.
p12
It plots the last twelve months, eight hundred forty bookings, up nineteen percent.
p13
One glance tells you whether volume is climbing or sliding,
p14
which is the context every other number sits inside.
p15
Middle panel, the service mix.
p16
Full details lead, interior details next, then oil changes,
p17
with everything else rolled into other.
p18
This is what customers are actually booking,
p19
and it is the mix your bays and your people have to be ready for.
p20
Right panel, schedule health.
p21
Most bookings are confirmed, a smaller share still pending, and a thin slice marked no-show.
p22
Confirmed is locked in.
p23
Pending still needs the customer to say yes.
p24
Watch that middle band,
p25
because a quick phone call there turns a maybe into a filled bay.
p26
Now scroll to the list.
p27
Eighteen records, one row per booking.
p28
Up on the right, a small toggle: List or Calendar.
p29
You are in List now, the row-by-row view.
p30
We flip to Calendar shortly, but first walk the controls.
p31
Two buttons here.
p32
New Record starts a fresh booking, and Export downloads the list.
p33
We touch neither today.
p34
Export especially stays untouched while recording,
p35
and the new-booking form is its own lesson.
p36
Under the header, the search row.
p37
Type into the box to narrow the list by a name or a service,
p38
or open Filters to slice it by column.
p39
Handy when a customer calls and you need their booking in seconds, not scrolling.
p40
Look at the columns.
p41
Date, time, customer, service, location, staff, and status.
p42
Seven of them, each sortable, with a checkbox on every row.
p43
One line carries the whole booking: when, who, what, where, who works it, and where it stands.
p44
Run down the staff and status columns.
p45
Right now staff reads to be determined on these bookings,
p46
and status shows confirmed or scheduled.
p47
That is the tell.
p48
This board captures the booking first,
p49
and who actually works it gets assigned separately, over on the team schedule.
p50
Down at the foot, the pager.
p51
Twenty-five rows to a page, arrows to move between them.
p52
A small thing, but it keeps a busy week from turning into an endless scroll.
p53
Now flip the view. Click Calendar.
p54
The same bookings rearrange into a calendar.
p55
Nothing gets booked, nothing moves.
p56
It is purely a different way to look at the week,
p57
which is the faster read when someone wants to shift a day around.
p58
Click List to come back.
p59
The table returns exactly as it was.
p60
The toggle is a lens, not a change.
p61
Flip it as often as you like without touching a record.
p62
One more look, the sidebar.
p63
Under Appointments sit its neighbors: schedulable services, resources, business hours,
p64
messaging, payments, and reports.
p65
Each is its own workspace, and each is its own lesson.
p66
We name them and move on.
p67
Messaging sends real customer notices, so we leave it closed.
p68
So that is Appointments.
p69
Numbers up top for the pulse of the day,
p70
panels for the mix and the health,
p71
a list for the individual bookings,
p72
and a toggle to read it as rows or as a week.
p73
Keep one line straight: bookings live here, shifts live on the team schedule.
p74
Learn this page and every scheduling call gets shorter.